Afterlife
---
Life, death and whatever lies beyond.
---
Ever wondered what lies for us beyond death?

Where do you go after they don’t feel a pulse in your vein?
When your state of mind is just a lifeless pink brain.
As your families and friends suffer an irreparable pain,
Do you think that you would ever get to see them again?

Ever had any posthumous expectations set?

Do you truly believe in the words that the Book contains?
That there shall be a judgment after you cross domains.
What do you expect to see beyond your fleshly remains?
To be greeted by heavenly gates or be bound by hellish chains?

Ever thought about breathing after your last breath?

Will you inhale again the earthly air you always received?
But perhaps in the life form of a human newly conceived?
And could the realization fall upon you, if you truly believed,
That the deceased’s and your lives are indeed inter-weaved?

Ever tried helping every person you’ve met?

Do you feel that if you lived a life of goodwill and charity,
Then when you close your eyes, you will receive the clarity
To be released from the existence of chaos and disparity
And be merged with the supreme timeless singularity?

Ever wanted to be someone no one would forget?

Do you suppose up there in the night sky, there is a little place
For you to become a star in the ever-expanding space?
A twinkle of fond memories that nobody can erase?
Which would surely put a smile on your kin’s stargazing face.

Ever noticed those sounds in your closet?

Do you suspect that those legends of restless souls are true
Who will rise from their graves if their vengeance is due?
Or maybe they just have some unfulfilled tasks to do?
Or could be those hiding under beds, within closets or behind you?

Ever imagined of all this as merely a reset?

Do you dream that you are simply a snippet of a simulation?
Are we a complex code of bytes and logical information?
And when the loop ends, do we simply do a regeneration
To execute an independent life, till the next iteration?

Ever scared of the everlasting night following the sunset?

Or do you think all you would see is a chilling cold darkness?
The pitch-black reality of death throughout timelessness.
The light bulbs of fear and sorrow, pain and happiness,
All just switched off by the touch of a simple press?

…

Whatever happens after Death starts creeping up your nerves,
No matter what consequence you think your life deserves,
Let us live in this moment, this moment of no uncertainty.
This moment, not defined by beliefs, but just you and me.

None can avoid the deathly end and whatever lies beyond.
None can avoid the second when our body stops to respond.
So why not enjoy our Life’s journey and savor it with a kiss;
And the eventual outcome, if any, will be whatever it is.