No Regrets
---
A short story about a comical misunderstanding.
---
“I have been in the police force for forty years. I have never swerved away from duty, protected Koliwada with honour, had a few regrets too; but today, one day before my retirement, I am happy to have been of service. Thank you everyone!” a teary-eyed Inspector Raviraj Deshpande proclaimed in front of his applauding subordinates.

“Hands up!” came a voice from the police station entrance. It was an old man, wearing a monkey cap which covered his entire face bar his sun-glassed eyes. He shot his toy Diwali gun upwards and startled himself by its loud sound. He took ten seconds figuring out how to close and lock the police station’s door; an innocent bystander eventually helped him with that.

“This is a robbery! Get down on the floor! And show me where the bank vault is.”

Inspector Raviraj’s stupefied face fit perfectly into the confusion that spread across the room. The old man stood a mere two feet away from the inspector’s face but did not seem to notice.

Shinde, a longtime aide of Raviraj, smiled at him. Raviraj, in his jolly retirement mood, smiled back.

“Hold my hand, grandpa. I am the manager of the bank. I will show you where the vault is.”

“Thank you, son. I must say – true to its reputation, Mahavikas Bank has quite good customer service.”

“Step into this little room. Don’t mind the bars, they are to keep the treasure safe.”

“Don’t teach me how vaults work. A seasoned robber like me knows all this,” said the old man as he entered the jail cell. The onlookers giggled.

“Now th…” the old man’s dentures abruptly fell out mid-sentence.

As the dim-sighted, dim-witted and zero-toothed robber searched for his teeth on the jail cell floor, something caught the eye of Raviraj - something which sent him stumbling against the cell bars with trembling hands, terror-stricken eyes and a palpitating chest. “I don’t believe this!” he gasped, looking straight at the chameleon design engraved on the old man’s watch.

Shinde walked into the cell and collapsed to the ground when Raviraj directed him to look at the watch. “Impossible!” he gulped.

After cuffing the old man rather roughly, Raviraj yelled, “Attention everyone, this is a serious situation! Raju Hooliyawaala is back!” His panic tore apart the jovial atmosphere.

“Lock the doors and windows!” he commanded. “No, seal them! Nobody enters or exits the police station,” sweat was visibly trickling down Raviraj’s forehead.

“Ravi, this old man could be a distraction for something else,” Shinde reasoned.

“Like a decoy? Yes! Did you notice the time on his watch, Shinde? It was one PM. That is an hour from now. Do you understand? Mahavikas Bank. One PM. Robbery. He is taunting us, Shinde. He is going to rob that bank in an hour!”

Inspector Raviraj bolted out the police station. “Shinde, take care of things here,” his jeep headed straight towards Mahavikas Bank.

…

Acknowledging his bewildered colleagues, Shinde addressed the room, “This old man works for Raju Hooliyawaala. The most notorious criminal of the Koliwada region. Though he has been inactive, he is nevertheless a master of disguise, a meticulous planner and always two steps ahead of the police. Did you notice Raviraj talk about a few regrets in his earlier speech. He was lying. He doesn’t have a few regrets; he only has one. And his name is Raju.”

Shinde continued, “The chameleon design on this man’s watch is Raju’s famous call-card. He has a habit of mocking the police. Decoys, disguises, dummies. His IQ is peerless. We have never come close to catching Raju; we don’t even know how he looks.”

The old man was understandably asleep on a platform in the cell after his exhausting robbery attempt. Something suddenly dropped from his pocket.

…

After two hours, Inspector Raviraj returned. “I insisted on looking at the vault myself and ensured that nothing was stolen. So that may have been a false lead. But we nee…”

“Ravi, there is a misunderstanding,” Shinde caught hold of the unnerved inspector. “That old man sleeping in the cell, he is Raju.”

“What? Have you forgotten the countless times he has fooled us, Shinde! How can you be so naive!”

“Ravi, look at this card in his pocket. It is of an old age home. We contacted them and they confirmed that a resident named ‘Raju H.’ had escaped their premises a week ago. His age, height and weight match our estimates. The Raju we chased twenty years ago was an undoubted mastermind. This is just a senile old Raju who thinks he is still capable of robbing banks; but the truth is he doesn’t even have the general competence to reach the correct robbing location. The police were never able to catch him, but his age ultimately did.”

For an hour, Inspector Raviraj searched every corner of the station, thoroughly interrogated the infirm old man to little success and tried to pull off every policeman’s face to uncover a mask. Later that day, he was hit with the hard realization that his greatest nemesis was now just an old incapable man; and his sloppy overreaction indicated that he might be equally incompetent at his job now. He was happy that he was retiring at the right time and finally, with no regrets.

…

Three revelations were soon brought forth.

Firstly, Mahavikas Bank was robbed the very next day. It was an extremely well-planned heist, with neither the police nor the bank able to figure out how the city’s most secure vault layout got compromised.

Secondly, the old man was admitted to the old age home, but as a new entrant - because the old age home did not identify him as the person who had escaped a week ago.

Lastly, Mrs. Deshpande almost had a heart attack when she found her husband tied up in the basement with a bunch of make-up products scattered nearby.