Starless Night
---
A young man watches a starless night, with no intent of seeing the sunrise tomorrow.
---
In the starless night, I imagined the moon
As a lone sailor stranded in the sea,
As if wandering across the dusky waters
To find a companion with whom he could be.

Through my window, I watched the sailor
As he toiled to find a starry shine;
But I dared not chuckle at his struggles
For I knew they were no worse than mine.

“Twelve years, and I still see no hope,”
I said as I sighed a downhearted breath.
“Not a single friend to carry my corpse
When I eventually die this lonely death.”

With bits of morale, I lifted my head
But all my heartening efforts fell flat.
“I hope my coffin supports me throughout
For I never found a human do that.”

The sailor looked around in the midnight
But utter darkness was all he could see;
While a young man stood by his lonely window
Silently cursing the stars of his destiny.

“I never should have believed those dreams
Where I felt treasured by an unknown heart.
I thought love was as charming as they say
But I never realized it could break me apart.”

The sky strangely started appearing moist
Or maybe the tears had filled up my eyes.
And in this watery sky, I floated along
With little hope of seeing the sunrise.

The next moment, I found myself drenched
In a boat with the sailor by my side.
“Where am I?” I asked in confusion
To which the sailor calmly replied,

“We’re in the middle of nowhere, my friend!
Where we’re headed, I have not a clue.
But this journey would have been so lifeless
If it weren’t for a companion like you!”

“Thank you for saving my life,” I acknowledged.
“Please don’t mention it, “ said the life-saver,
“Honestly, you’re the first friend I’ve made tonight,
So you are really the one doing a favor!”

“I wonder how you’ve never made friends,”
I said. “You seem a wonderful soul!”
The sailor replied, “I wouldn’t know,
For after all, I’m under your control.”

A little perplexed, I raised my brow.
Smiling, the sailor explained promptly,
“I am but a figment of your imagination -
I am you just as you are me!”

And the odd words echoed in my ears
While my vision gently faded away
Till I found myself by my window
Before the dawn of the sunlit day.

Then I realized what the words meant
And it was something quite revolutionary -
That even without friends in my life,
I had my best friend within me!

So I looked at the emerging sun
And bathed in its glorious light
For the biggest star had indeed appeared
From the depths of that starless night.