Those Moments
---
A reminder that what you remember of life is nothing but a collection of moments.
---
Do you know of those Moments?
Moments you’ve surely come across
When life seems prime,
You’re having a good time
And the clock has come to a pause.

When you enter a different dimension
Where your life finally feels livable.
Void of stress and despair,
It comes to a point where
Wanting anything else is unforgivable.

Have you danced through those Moments
In a seaside bar late in the night?
With a lager in your hand
To music you don’t understand
But which feels in place and all is just right.

When your boozy eyes look at your friends
While they embarrass themselves on the floor.
Puppeted by the beer,
Your drunken legs go near
Them to add to the shame some more.

Or do you smile through those Moments
When tucked in your blanket comfortably?
Around your favorite cousins
Eating delicious muffins
While enjoying a game of Monopoly.

When you crack jokes and laugh at each other,
Reminiscing about all the funny family tales -
Whether tumbling down a roof
Or being hit by a horse’s hoof,
You can’t help but enjoy the humorous details.

Or do your eyes widen in those Moments
When you are positioning yourself for a catch?
With your feet sunk in sand,
Shading your eyes with a hand,
To win your team the beach cricket match.

And you jump like a kangaroo towards the ball
When you realize it might get out of reach.
When you open an eye,
You’re being thrown in the sky
By your friends celebrating on the beach.

Or maybe you sweat through those Moments
Whispering prayers to your God for hope.
You are paranoid in fear
For the time is coming near
To watch the announcer open the envelope.

Your hours and sweat for this competition,
Every little effort boils down to this.
But when your name is said,
Those anxious tears of dread
Turn into watery pearls of unmatched bliss.

Do you now know of those Moments?
Such moments of different emotions and kinds.
Adding memorable substance
To our humanly existence
Are these memories engraved in our minds.

Although my life is made up of countless seconds,
Only a few seconds my memory can remind.
However, when put together,
These few seconds are better
Than the rest of my life’s seconds combined.