Two Strangers
---
A distant conversation between two strangers living two very different lives.
---
“Right across the street, beside a garbage bin,
With an unkempt bush of hair and veiny skin,
He sat on the footpath holding something white.
But it was hard to see it clearly from my height.”

‘What a wonderful sandwich, I happily thought.
It looked fresh enough, still I wished it was hot.
Which bloody idiot could have wasted this foolishly?
Maybe someone like that bigwig staring at me.’

“He began eating out of it, ’twas maybe some junk.
I was glad not to smell the food of that hungry skunk.
Seeing his teeth bite into the rancid bread was gross.
I smelled my red wine to calm my tingling nose.”

‘As my tongue explored tastes that I once did love,
The bigwig stood by his glass window, up above
In his fancy suite room with a red glass in his hand
Which must have a price tag only he can understand.’

“While his stomach must’ve wondered what to digest,
The stinky skunk, it seems, was expecting a guest
For a dog came along with its salivating tongue
To share with the garbage guy his dinnerly dung.”

‘Poor fellow, you must have been hungry all day,
Barking at cars and chasing every passerby away.
Funnily, that’s still more work than Mr. Suit up there,
I bet he can’t work a mouse, never mind the software.’

“As darkness spread over the city lights, I turned
And headed towards my bed for a sleep well-earned.
Let him go to his bridge or whatever’s his place,
And prepare for his tomorrow of beggary and disgrace.”

‘As darkness spread over the corner where I ate,
I stood up to prepare myself for tomorrow’s fate.
And I hoped the bigwig, satisfied with today’s loot,
Wakes up tomorrow with mice nibbling through his suit.’

And darkness, the blind darkness, did spread
Over every single substance, living or dead.
Over towering skyscrapers and shadowy lanes,
Blind darkness spread justly over all terrains.

With night passing, the two men got a day less younger.
Dreaming about filling up either their wallets or the hunger.
One getting eager to succeed, the other afraid to fail.
But twenty years ago, the night witnessed a very different tale.

“Last exam tomorrow, then the world is ours to rule!
The planet’s too small for us two boys from school.”

‘We’ll climb to the top of the ladder to just look down
At all the hapless dumbos worshiping our crown.’

“We’ll drink wine and eat sandwich, whatever we desire.
We’ll bid on cars and yachts till no one can bid higher!”

‘We’ll wear fancy suits and live in hotels every night.
As long as we’re together, no one can stop us, right?!’