Water Shortage
---
An ode to the unsung heroes during water crisis.
---
During the worst water shortage in a decade,
The citizens had many compromises to be made.
While they prepared for the hardships coming ahead,
My humble building had a different story to be said.

The three-storeyed building was as common as any,
Yet one incredible fact would surely surprise many.
For, though the summer skies had become drier & hotter,
My building had not used up a single drop of water.

Its residents had been prepared for such circumstances
Like Pal, on ground floor, who wasn’t taking any chances.
So anxious was his restless mind and so excessive his fear
That he had started filling buckets since monsoon of last year.

Rakesh, on first floor, was wasting not a single drop.
He was efficient with his toothbrush, mug and mop.
But second-floor crazy Kailash was beyond compare;
His mini-lab was creating water straight out of thin air!

So astounding were our efforts that word spread across.
The Water Board officials literally dropped their jaws.
So much was the admiration bestowed upon us all
That we were invited for felicitation at the town hall.

On the main stage were arranged four decorated seats
For the celebration of us heroes and our extraordinary feats.
Pal, Rakesh & Kailash accepted the medals and applause
Given to them for hiding the Water Board's flaws.

When the fourth honoree's name was finally declared,
I walked into the town hall while the others stared.
A gust of rancid stench followed me like a shadow
Coming out my yellow shirt (which was white a month ago).

My long unkempt beard must have looked spectacular.
But crumbs falling down from it did not please the janitor.
As I climbed up the stage and took my rightful place,
A fly flew out my beard and onto an official's astonished face.

He looked at me with disgust, as if I were a psychopath,
And asked, "When was the last time you had a bath?"
Suddenly his eyes glinted and he was finally able to see
The reason why he was on the stage, about to honor me.

As I plucked from behind my ear my favorite piece of gum,
He said, "We'll honor you later but please have a bath and come."
I was quite confused by the audience’s uproar and outrage,
And I was especially confused when I got thrown off the stage.

And I slowly understood that these men of clean uniforms
Treat us like criminals simply because we disobey the norms.
Can’t they see that our dirty dresses are solving the problem?
Truly, there wasn't a point in me being honored by them.

Then I made a few gestures and also called them certain terms,
Most cannot be included in this writing (my lawyer confirms).
Thus, the hero never got the recognition he truly deserved,
But he was content in helping, selflessly and unobserved.